dbt-teradata 1.8.0 changes (#5677)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/teradata-setup.md

`sslprotocol`           | `"TLSv1.2"` | string         | Specifies the TLS protocol for HTTPS/TLS connections. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `SSLPROTOCOL` connection parameter.
`teradata_values`       | `"true"`    | quoted boolean | Controls whether `str` or a more specific Python data type is used for certain result set column value types.
`query_band`            | `"org=teradata-internal-telem;appname=dbt;"`    | string | Specifies the Query Band string to be set for each SQL request.

> For the full description of the connection parameters see https://github.com/Teradata/python-driver#connection-parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [connection parameters](https://github.com/Teradata/python-driver#connection-parameters) for the full description of the connection parameters.
```

`sslprotocol`           | `"TLSv1.2"` | string         | Specifies the TLS protocol for HTTPS/TLS connections. Equivalent to the Teradata JDBC Driver `SSLPROTOCOL` connection parameter.
`teradata_values`       | `"true"`    | quoted boolean | Controls whether `str` or a more specific Python data type is used for certain result set column value types.
`query_band`            | `"org=teradata-internal-telem;appname=dbt;"`    | string | Specifies the Query Band string to be set for each SQL request.

Refer to [connection parameters](https://github.com/Teradata/python-driver#connection-parameters) for the full description of the connection parameters.

> ## Supported Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported features
```

* `append` (default)
* `delete+insert`
* `merge`
* `valid_history` (early access)

> > * To learn more about dbt incremental strategies please check [the dbt incremental strategy documentation](/docs/build/incremental-strategy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
- To learn more about dbt incremental strategies, refer to [the dbt incremental strategy documentation](/docs/build/incremental-strategy).
```

* `append` (default)
* `delete+insert`
* `merge`
* `valid_history` (early access)

:::info
- To learn more about dbt incremental strategies, refer to [the dbt incremental strategy documentation](/docs/build/incremental-strategy).

> > * To learn more about `valid_history` incremental strategy please check [Teradata configs](/reference/resource-configs/teradata-configs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To learn more about `valid_history` incremental strategy, refer to [Teradata configs](/reference/resource-configs/teradata-configs).
:::
```

  `last_day` in `teradata_utils`, unlike the corresponding macro in `dbt_utils`, doesn't support `quarter` datepart.

## dbt - unit tests
dbt-teradata 1.8.0 and above versions support unit tests, allowing validation of SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs before production. This enhancement facilitates test-driven development, improving developer efficiency and code reliability.

More information on dbt unit tests feature can be found [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/unit-tests).

> 

Reviewer 2: hi @tallamohan -- please consider wrapping this (and any other relevant sections in a `<VersionBlock>`! More info on [versioning blocks of content](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#versioning-blocks-of-content)

Author: Hi @dataders , I have added VersionBlock like the below:

`<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.8.0">
    dbt-teradata 1.8.0 and above versions support unit tests, allowing validation of SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs before production. This enhancement facilitates test-driven development, improving developer efficiency and code reliability.
    More information on dbt unit tests feature can be found [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/unit-tests).
</VersionBlock>`

But in the preview, It is showing up like this :
![Screenshot 2024-06-25 110402](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/6680479/e8f2212b-e0a1-457a-82f8-7dcfdecc1e30)

Can you please help me with this?

Thanks,
Mohan

Reviewer: hey @tallamohan , i've fixed this up for you and it should be rendering correctly now! here's the [staging link](https://docs-getdbt-k3oax5aq5-dbt-labs.vercel.app/docs/core/connect-data-platform/teradata-setup)

![Screenshot 2024-06-25 at 09 23 52](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/90d4faf1-7d72-416a-8475-ab3d09aeede3)

  `last_day` in `teradata_utils`, unlike the corresponding macro in `dbt_utils`, doesn't support `quarter` datepart.

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.8">

> dbt-teradata 1.8.0 and above versions support unit tests, allowing validation of SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs before production. This enhancement facilitates test-driven development, improving developer efficiency and code reliability. More information on dbt unit tests feature can be found [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/unit-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt-teradata 1.8.0 and above versions support unit tests, allowing validation of SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs before production. This enhancement facilitates test-driven development, improving developer efficiency and code reliability. More information on dbt unit tests feature can be found [here](/docs/build/unit-tests).
```

  `last_day` in `teradata_utils`, unlike the corresponding macro in `dbt_utils`, doesn't support `quarter` datepart.

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.8">

> dbt-teradata 1.8.0 and above versions support unit tests, allowing validation of SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs before production. This enhancement facilitates test-driven development, improving developer efficiency and code reliability. More information on dbt unit tests feature can be found [here](/docs/build/unit-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt-teradata 1.8.0 and later versions support unit tests, enabling you to validate SQL models and logic with a small set of static inputs before going to production. This feature enhances test-driven development and boosts developer efficiency and code reliability. Learn more about dbt unit tests [here](/docs/build/unit-tests).

```
